Encryption - fix typos and improve clarity (#4705)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/admin/security/data_encryption.md

For enhanced security control, PMM supports custom encryption keys.

**Key format requirements:**

- The key must be a 32-byte (256-bit) random value, suitable for AES-256-GCM encryption.

> - The key is used with the TINK output prefix type (AES256GCMKeyTemplate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The file must contain exactly 32 raw bytes (not a hex-encoded or base64-encoded string).

```

> Therefore, the file should contain exactly 32 random bytes (not just a hex-encoded or a base64-encoded string).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PMM uses this key with the TINK `AES256GCMKeyTemplate` output prefix type.
```

To set up a custom key, configure the `PMM_ENCRYPTION_KEY_PATH` environment variable to point to your custom key file.

!!! hint alert alert-success "Important"

>     Make sure to set this configuration  **before** any data encryption occurs — specifically, either before upgrading to PMM 3 or before the initial startup of a new PMM 3.x instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion:
Configure this **before** any data encryption occurs: either before upgrading to PMM 3 or before initially starting a new PMM 3.x instance.

```

Reviewer: Em dashes dont need white space around like en dashes. But it's better to simplify this anyway so I left a suggestion

Author: Updated.
